all very much of the fact that Walter
Smith has arrived at the training drone
now it says the deal is done Walter
Smith is none of the manager of Richard
kids with Dell the first approach
arrives at eight o'clock this morning
constant Ally McCoist the first-team
coach boozed in wisco Scotland under
walter smith and i can tell you in the
last few minutes here at the range of
spinning round the Rangers Chairman
himself the David Murray has arrived so
expect some form of formal and press
announcement this afternoon completed
the deal to bring Walter Smith here
that's where i use the Rangers fans
clearly but the training for Scotland's
terrible isn't it well if any degree in
qualification terms and it Walter has
taken richer than Scotland the doldrums
under berti vogts retractable burkina
faso in the fifa world rankings and out
the number 25 and of course there was a
wonderful wind and hunting park banker
and sober when Ray there when problems
beat France thanks to his goal right
Gary Caldwell and the course co-owner
top of their unit 2008 qualification
group the so-called group of there so
what's up breathe new life into the
Scotland Tim you can see the table the
other not have France the best team in
Europe recorded 20 rankings Italy the
world cup winners and Ukraine make it
purple team with the best player in the
world at the moment and vicious shiancoe
in Newenham of course they were
quarterfinalist the world cup so nobody
expected Scotland to be here but I think
that to show you as well that terms of
taming has run wall surface temp is
purposely in the sense that Scotland at
an all-time high and for being realistic
probably all the way stone for Scotland
and Rangers 70
points behind Celtic under Legrand was a
totally failed regime and of course at
the weekender were not the tenant
Scottish topic can't get any worse for
richer so in terms of timing is on the
water has got what this one absolutely
preferable this is it the last which
started possibly even before public when
I left Richard and this is a whooping
sacred days I once guys bought used
correctly that's coming out his natural
conclusion